Changes to interaction responses and flags (#2615)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Slash_Commands.md

## Interaction Response

> After receiving an interaction, you must respond to acknowledge it. You can choose to respond with a message immediately using type `4`, or you can choose to send a deferred response with type `5`. If choosing a deferred response, the user will see a loading state for the interaction, and you'll have up to 15 minutes to edit the original deferred response using [Edit Original Interaction Response](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/edit-original-interaction-response).

Reviewer: ~~What happens if I *don't* edit the original message after 15 minutes? Not documentation-worthy, just curiosity on my part.~~ nevermind, this gets shown in the Figma designs I didn't bother opening...

> ![A deferred response tells the user "Bot name is thinking"](ephemeral-example.png)

Reviewer: This should probably be moved to a feature request on my end, but I'm not sure all bot developers want to anthropomorphize their bot.

Author: I'm open to other wording 👍

| Field | Type                                      | Description                  |
|-------|-------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| type  | InteractionResponseType                   | the type of response         |
| data? | InteractionApplicationCommandCallbackData | an optional response message |

> warn
> Interaction response types `2` and `3` have been deprecated

###### InteractionResponseType

| Name                     | Value | Description                                                       |
|--------------------------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Pong                     | 1     | ACK a `Ping`                                                      |
| Acknowledge              | 2     | **DEPRECATED** ACK a command without sending a message, eating the user's input  |
| ChannelMessage           | 3     | **DEPRECATED** respond with a message, eating the user's input                   |
| ChannelMessageWithSource | 4     | respond to an interaction with a message                 |

> | DeferredChannelMessageWithSource    | 5     | ACK an interaction and send a response later, the user sees a loading state |

Reviewer: Table formatting should probably match up.

> | DeferredChannelMessageWithSource    | 5     | ACK an interaction and send a response later, the user sees a loading state |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| DeferredChannelMessageWithSource    | 5     | ACK an interaction and edit to a response later, the user sees a loading state |
```

| content           | string                                                   | message content                                                                             |
| embeds?           | array of [embeds](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/embed-object)  | supports up to 10 embeds                                                                    |
| allowed_mentions? | allowed mentions                                         | [allowed mentions](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/allowed-mentions-object) object                  |

> | flags | int | set to `64` to make your response ephemeral |

Reviewer: Table formatting should probably match up.

Author: My auto-formatter isn't working and it's making me sad. I'll figure it out.

Reviewer 3: http://markdowntable.com/

> | content           | string                                                   | message content                                                                             |
> | embeds?           | array of [embeds](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/embed-object)  | supports up to 10 embeds                                                                    |
> | allowed_mentions? | allowed mentions                                         | [allowed mentions](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/allowed-mentions-object) object                  |
> | flags | int | set to `64` to make your response ephemeral |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| content?          | string                                                   | message content                                                                             |
| embeds?           | array of [embeds](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/embed-object)  | supports up to 10 embeds                                                                    |
| allowed_mentions? | allowed mentions                                         | [allowed mentions](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/allowed-mentions-object) object                  |
| flags?            | int                                                      | set to `64` to make your response ephemeral                                                 |
```
- `content` is optional ~~now bc it isn't required for deferred responses~~
- `flags` is always optional

Reviewer: (FWIW it was never actually required -- like in the Figma, you can send only embeds and no content)

Reviewer 4: No, in my case I have to set content as '" or it just gives me an error.

> | flags | int | set to `64` to make your response ephemeral |

Reviewer 5: Is there anything else that can be done with flags?

Reviewer 2: you can see [the other message flags in the docs](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#message-object-message-flags) but they are all only set by Discord aside from `SUPPRESS_EMBEDS` which can currently only be set while editing
